start the commentary in three two one go
hey guys what's up aqui here i am
reuploading this gameplay because i
realized after i put it up a couple
hours later that it had messed up render
settings for some reason and quality
turned out to be pretty horrible and i
don't like putting bad quality videos on
my channel and really the commentary
wasn't very good either so I'm just
redoing this you know I like putting up
good videos on my channel and it makes
me feel bad if I put up crappy
half-assed one so just re doing this I
don't think most of you watched it by
the time I put it up so hopefully you
haven't but if you have I'm still going
to be doing that little Nazi Zombies
competition that was talking about
earlier but I will explain that later in
the video also hello to all of my new
subscribers from Golden's channel
hopefully subscribe to me knowingly just
so you know if you're wondering why the
hell is the video of my subscription box
when you subscribe to golden on his
channel it gives you an option to
subscribe to me private Joker I think
cod comedy too so if you're wondering
who I am my name my name is a cue 3001
I'm another call to D commentator as you
can see you may have seen me before I'm
sponsored by persona gaming so I post
videos up there to there a pretty big
channel and I basically do the same type
of thing as golden just post some videos
up toss tricks and tips and tricks
whenever I can um just how an average
player can do pretty well this game
because realistically I'm not that good
I'm I'd say I'm above average but I'm
not amazing by no means I do have my bad
days and I struggle pretty often
so hopefully you guys would like to say
subscribe to me even though I kind of
ninja'd my way into your subscription um
into your sub box but anyway moving on
any of you have some tips i'm using the
foul it's pretty much outclassed by
every other assault rifle in this game
just because of the fact that it is
semi-automatic single shot which means
for every shot you take you have to pull
the trigger once and um and let's give
them on a controller your fire rate
really can't keep up with an automatic
assault rifle or even a burst weapon
which can kill you in one instant burst
really so but I still don't think the
burst weapons are as powerful as you
know the m16 was back and caught for but
it's a challenge to use this gun because
it's just really not as good as any of
the other weapons you don't need
stopping power with it either well if
you're not using a silencer it gets a
pretty heavy damage drop if you are
using one so if you are not using a
silencer you can go from anything use
hardline I don't know why that guy put a
tactical insertion in the middle of the
map but you can use hardline
cold-blooded I'm not going to tell you
these danger close because we don't need
more danger close assholes in the world
but it is a pretty powerful weapon also
um you want to use the holographic sight
not the red dot because the red dot the
ridicule is off the bullet actually goes
a little below where the actual dot is
on your screen so you have to aim a
little higher than you normally would
and with the holographic sight there's
actually a little glitch if you're using
stopping power it is a few shock he'll
anywhere at any distance so well in the
chest
so that makes the weapon a lot more
powerful the only reason why I'm not
using the holographic sight is because i
hadn't unlocked it yet but you
definitely definitely want to do that
other than that I was just kind of
running around this game we routed these
guys pretty bad there weren't that many
guys on their team towards the end of
the game because they all rage quitted
but what can you do now I kind of want
to talk about the little nazi zombies
competition than i imagined mentioned
earlier it's not really a competition
but what i'm going to be doing since i
bought back world at war i'm gonna pick
two random people that have commented on
this video and i'm gonna play some world
at war with you guys along with my buddy
private Joker anyone that's been
subscribed to me for a while knows who
he is pretty funny guy he makes YouTube
videos too and if you sep two golden and
me you probably sub to him to UM because
she is in kind of his featured channels
page thingy don't know what it's called
but so what we'll end up doing we'll
pick two random people to comment on
this video so if you're interested
comment and all record I'll probably end
up putting the latter part of the game
so it's a little more entertaining and
we'll do a quad commentary over it if
you guys wants you it'll help you guys
get some exposure you know if you're
looking to get into the whole YouTube
commentary deal I'm you know I'm not
that big of a channel but when you're
starting out really anything helps and
you know if my subs like you guys and
they think you're funny or entertaining
any way they like your voice i think its
sexy i don't know way nice up to you so
that's a great opportunity i also i
think i'm going to post some world at
war camp late you because it was my
first call of duty game and i really
really love playing it a lot of fun and
I'm much better at world of war than I
am at this game I actually got a I think
58 in 11 game with the arisaka if you
guys don't know what that is it's a
bullet action gun and using a
bolt-action rifle in MA sorry in world
at war is really not a good idea it's
not easy at all so I'm a post that up
but i also have a 49 in five game which
the Guevara yes it's the far not the key
were because it's German so i'll post
one of those not sure which one yet but
i just wanted to give you guys a heads
up about that so if you're interested in
playing some nazi zombies with me maybe
getting some exposure comment on this
video I don't know say something random
doesn't really matter um so we'll pick
two random people hopefully you guys
will have fun if we pick you if you
don't get picked don't worry there's
going to be more opportunities to
interact with me the future i don't know
i have another open lobby maybe sometime
but anyway my final score was 29 and
three not too bad if I do say so myself
and I will talk to you guys later peace
out